feat: Add docs for nextjs pageleave (#8343)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/next-js.md

PostHog is now set up and ready to go. Files and components accessing PostHog on the client-side need the `'use client'` directive.

> Optional: To send `$pageleave` events when users navigate away from your site, you can use the `capture_pageleave` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Pageleave events (optional)

To send `$pageleave` events after setting `capture_pageview` to false, you can set the `capture_pageleave` option to `true`.
```
